Update documentation - general usage (#777)
deislabs/mystikos: doc/user-getting-started.md

# Getting started - general concepts

This document contains general concepts that will help you better use Mystikos.

## App development workflow

> This section will illstruate common workflow when developing application in Mystikos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section will illustrate common workflow when developing application in Mystikos.
```

1. Develop the application using programing languages / libraries / frameworks of your choice.
2. Create a `appdir` directory that contains all your application's source code and necessary dependenies
   1. You could manually create this folder, or, preferably,
   2. Create a `Dockerfile` just like you normally would when dockerizing an app and use [scripts/appbuilder](/scripts/appbuilder) (or `myst-appbuilder` if you have Mystikos installed) to automatically generate `appdir` directory given the `Dockerfile`. Please see [Getting started Docker C++ app](/doc/user-getting-started-docker-c++.md) for an example.
3. For developing/running/debugging your application in Mystikos:
   1. First create a root file system (rootfs) from `appdir`. There are 2 options, you could create a CPIO archive by using `myst mkcpio`, or an EXT2 image by using `myst mkext2`, to learn more about EXT2, please check [Using ext2](/doc/using-ext2.md).

>    > This file system will contain everything needed to run your application, if you made some change to the application or its dependency, you will need to generate this again

Reviewer: missing trailing fullstop

   2. Then run your application by using `myst exec-sgx` or `myst exec-linux`
      1. Today, two target implementations are provided: SGX and Linux
         1. The SGX target will run an application in a trusted SGX environment (requires supported hardware)

>          2. The Linux target will run an application in a non-trusted Linux environment, this is used only for debugging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         2. The Linux target will run an application in a untrusted Linux environment, this is used only for debugging
```

# Getting started - general concepts

This document contains general concepts that will help you better use Mystikos.

## App development workflow

This section will illustrate common workflow developing application in Mystikos.

1. Develop the application using programing languages / libraries / frameworks of your choice.
2. Create a `appdir` directory that contains all your application's source code and necessary dependenies.

>    1. You could manually create this folder, or, preferably,

Reviewer 2: `create and populate`

                                running an unsigned binary. The file can be
                                the same one used for the signing process.
    --host-to-enc-uid-map <host-uid:enc-uid[,host-uid2:enc-uid2,...]>
                         -- comma separated list of uid mappings between
                             the host and the enclave
    --host-to-enc-gid-map <host-gid:enc-gid[,host-gid2:enc-gid2,...]>
                         -- comma separated list of gid mappings between
                             the host and the enclave
    --unhandled-syscall-enosys <true/false>
                         -- flag indicating if the app must exit when
                            it encounters an unimplemented syscall
                            'true' implies the syscall would not terminate
                            and instead return ENOSYS.
```

You can also specify many other parameters in a configuration file, conventionally called `config.json`, 

> For full list of available parameters, please check *Application configuration for SGX enclave packaging* section in [Signing and packaging an application with Mystikos](/doc/sign-package.md).

> Please note that the options provided in configuration file will override those provided in the command line.

Reviewer 2: `in the command line` -> `on the command line`
